you know Christmas and of course
Christmas is on December 25th but for
Star Wars nerds Christmas comes Friday
when the new movie rogue one opens it's
expected to be the biggest movie of the
season and tonight we asked our friend
Yaya to review it
Yaya does all the big movies and this
was no exception here is Yaya talking
about the movie the first look at rogue
one
a Star Wars story ready action
hi my name is Yaya I'm today I'm talking
I don't forget make this action hi my
name is a I forget to talk about the
movie oh I forget noise sorry one more
time
action hi my name is a I talk about the
movie behind me Star Wars
you know Star Wars start Alec long time
is a director the first Star Wars George
Lucas and then the movie I said he
talked about the people fighting the bad
people and the good people
it's time to fight it now
and the girl she's the man lady in the
movie here named felicity jones and the
lady in the oldest star war she make his
hair like a headphone her name Kerry
Washington and the guy the bad guy you
have black mask his name the dark dark
man he look like black he dressed like
scuba diver and he got lucky taking a
break from inside
what I got the picture with the bad guy
Ned's no Collison and his name very
close to Georgia Nicolson you know and I
got this guy the American African guy
his name farce welcome we won the Oscar
for the movie last king of Casco this
movie is 3d not 1d not 2d is 3d you will
feel like you inside and you call like
this is scared and you go like this is
come and never a right side left side
didn't blow up
you come boom come on your face right
the way may the force be with us go
watch it the movie and I watch it with
you good luck
[Applause]
[Music]
again hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like
that click the subscribe button below
and good things will happen forever